[Applause]
Wow you're the captain now I feel like
first time I met you weren't captain and
now you're the captain yeah I was always
the captain you just did did you at all
consider I know the big premiere is
across the street tonight did it ever
cross your mind maybe I'll wear the
costume to this thing maybe I'll wear
the outfit have you considered maybe you
should I would love to wear the costume
I don't know that I'll fit in the
costume but it's worth certainly worth
the try I'll get into it guys cheer it
means that that's like a signed contract
well yes it is a verbal contract and I
and if you have the costume I would
consider wearing the costume if I can
get everything into it you know what I'm
saying
how was it that you first that you first
agreed to play Captain Marvel I think it
was at least three years ago it's a long
time and so now to come and see the
movie with an audience that's gotta be I
would imagine that there's something
exciting and satisfying about that yeah
I'm just relieved I haven't spoilt it
yet honestly have you been nervous about
it so scared I wasn't allowed to tell
anybody that I was even playing Captain
Marvel for a year was it a whole year
yeah
did you tell anybody though are you
kidding me I was so scared what do you
think they would really do I mean yeah
beforehand they could fire you well once
you get in once you start shooting
that's it they're just yeah they're
gonna be mad but it's not like they're
gonna take your action figure I know Sam
brought that up to me cuz I told him I
was like I'm so stressed man like I
can't do this anymore and he was like
one thing gonna do fire you now like
right before the premiere like you're
fine but I'm still just like I hate
getting in trouble I don't want you and
Sam Jackson have been traveling all over
the world together yes and is that I
would imagine that that's fun it's the
best yeah I mean between Kong filming
Kong are we shot who is Julia Vietnam
the pressed her for that this movie and
the press were for this he is without a
doubt the person I have
travelled with the most of any person in
my life wow that's kind of cool and have
become actual friends or you feel like
like once yeah you have okay oh yeah you
never know with people oh no our love is
real is it doesn't is do you text each
other of course you do code words that
you share oh yeah you do yeah well we've
gotten into this because in the film
there are Scrolls so part of how you
know if someone's a scroll is you ask
them personal questions so we've been
rolling pretty deep with that mm-hmm
there's things that only we know I see I
see and they have to be from away back
oh yeah just to make sure you're not
scrolls so you deal mostly with people
that we hate oh is that right mm-hmm I
won't even ask you about it because but
there are people that you mutually hate
of course that would mean because I am a
detective I'm gonna say you know those
people from the movie King Kong uh well
we've done three movies together I don't
think this is the message that Marvel
wants to spread to children
well if it helps you from detecting a
scroll I think that's helped if the fate
of the Kree is on the line okay so you
and Sam are friends and now I have to
say it bums me out a little because
because you thought we were really close
[Music]
well not exactly but yes I would like to
also be your best friend but I I am
obsessed with the trips to Italy that
Magic Johnson and Sam Jackson take
together okay so we you know about this
they post it on Instagram they post it
on Twitter all the time no dude I've
been trying to get myself on that trip
like two five years I've never been
invited I've asked magic ten times I've
asked Sam six times they always laugh
and then there's no follow-up
no I've had the exact same experience
I'm like what do I gotta do I even know
how I imagined it would be put that up
there because this is what I imagined
that it would be like because they go
around like eating ice cream everywhere
and we all have like a plaid things
you're like well now it seems like it's
yeah I like it the other way better have
you really asked if you can come on this
trip are you kidding me you're there's
time I spend sitting around on set I
know what month he goes I know that I'm
not supposed to text him but I do anyway
yes oh he wants no text it's his time it
says no work time it's like don't mess
around time and he considers texting
with you to be work well apparently you
play an Air Force pilot part of what you
play in Captain Marvel is an Air Force
pilot and we have some actual Air Force
pilot here at you don't really know how
to fly a plane do you from these ladies
I got to spend some time with them when
I was at the Nellis Air Force Base
it really makes you emotional to see you
so thank you for coming they're coming
to the premiere tonight you were yeah
did they screw with you like it usually
course they were actually they were
super nice but they there is a lot of
sense of humor in in the Air Force and
one thing in particular is because I was
going up in the plane I kept asking like
am I gonna puke am I gonna puke like
it's 50/50 50/50 so like just don't have
a margarita the night before and you're
fine which is like very hard for me
because you be telling me not to do
something that I really really want to
do it right so all I wanted was a
margarita and I didn't have it and I
went up and we simulated a dogfight so
you're on offense of defense of doing
you know crazy things like this and I
puked the entire time did you 100% of
the time 100% of the time yeah I know
whole time I was like they said
[Laughter]
got back down on the ground and I was
like trying to like eat a pretzel and
they were like so how'd it go I was like
huge the whole time like yeah there was
no chance before you simulated a dog
fire there's no way you were gonna puke
and I was like what but it's how I got a
call sign on that trip Sparrow
and oh that's your what nickname are
call sign callsign Sparrow why is it
Sparrow I can't tell you what it's an
airforce rule yeah you gotta take me out
for a beer first oh you have to be in
the pretend Air Force two did they call
you Sparrow cuz Birds regurgitate that
stands for something
oh but I can't tell you oh is it spelled
correctly is it s PA rrow alright I'm
gonna figure it out during the
commercial break real RZ is here I'm
gonna be decoding
[Applause]
[Music]
you guys wouldn't happen to know how
these things come up would ya beating
them senseless and Captain Marvel by the
way I figured it out and I really just
just write this down
Sparrow your callsign stands for she
puked all rigatoni ravioli on Wendy or
any of the words right not even puked no
how about that
that's disappoint besides not learning
how to fly a plane uh-huh
did you were there any things that you
you learned that we would be surprised
that you have to learn in order to play
a role like this oh well I mean tons of
things I had to like train for nine
months and got super strong but then I
also like you have to learn weird things
like how to make like a cool face really
you know so like teaches you that yeah
they usually are laughing at you while
you're trying to find it because it's
hard I mean at least it was for me I
would just bust up laughing it's when I
look at all those posters with like my
flaming hair and stuff it cracks me up
because I know where I started which was
like that scene in particular if you've
seen in the trailer I'm gonna stand up
camera let me take you where it's like
I'm my hair is on fire you know and it's
this like cool like thing yeah
allow me to show you my first take this
was my first attempt at it
[Laughter]
[Applause]
bend your knees you know clench your
fists like this and then you turn your
head first take a step forward you want
me to go for you too let's try some
stance where should I try to beat try to
do it in a cool way
I got me a few your own superhero yeah
you have to do it the way I do it like
feel yourself you know
feel your body I don't think I can feel
myself on television it's illegal all
right okay so it's like can you give him
maybe some cool music at least give on
that yeah
[Music]
cuz I'm like a sexy superhero my power
is the power of erotic persuasion look
at Guillermo he's practically melting
[Laughter]
pretty good you know that's a good
superhero tip do they teach everyone
that probably just me exact well you're
good at it now that's all that matters
well congratulations on the big movie
and being a superhero being Captain
Marvel everybody breathing thanks for
watching and remember every time you
click the subscribe button one of your
enemies gets destroyed